pages/katalon-studio/docs/mobile-on-macos.md, before:

---
title: "Mobile on macOS" 
sidebar: katalon_studio_docs_sidebar
permalink: katalon-studio/docs/mobile-on-macos.html 
redirect_from:
    - "/display/KD/Mobile+on+macOS/"
    - "/display/KD/Mobile%20on%20macOS/"
    - "/x/9AXR/"
    - "/katalon-studio/docs/mobile-on-macos/"
description: 
---
Katalon Studio Supported Environment on macOS
---------------------------------------------

|   | Version |
| --- | --- |
| Appium | 1.8.1 |
| Android | 6.x, 7.x |
| iOS | 9, 10, 11 |

Installing Dependencies
-----------------------

Due to the differences in computer environments, the Katalon download package does not include some dependencies needed to test on mobile devices/emulators. 

> Attention
> 
> Some emulators have already supported Appium through their installations. Thus, if you want to run an application on an emulator, check you emulator's settings before proceeding with Appium installation.
> 
> Appium 1.9 is **not** supported, so please kindly install Appium 1.8.1. The installation command is:
> 
> npm install -g appium@1.8.1

### Android

If you want to test an Android application on your local device. You will need to install [Appium](http://appium.io/docs/en/about-appium/getting-started/#installing-appium). 

### iOS

Additionally, if you want to test iOS applications, you will need to download the packages below (which have been linked to their respective setting up instructions):

1.  [Xcode](https://itunes.apple.com/vn/app/xcode/id497799835?mt=12)
2.  [Command-line tool for Xcode](http://osxdaily.com/2014/02/12/install-command-line-tools-mac-os-x/)
3.  [WebDriverAgent](/display/KD/Installing+WebDriverAgent+for+iOS+devices)[](/x/TwbR)[](/x/9AXR#MobileonmacOS-InstallingWebDriverAgenttoiOSdevices)[ ](https://github.com/facebook/WebDriverAgent)
4.  [Appium](http://appium.io/downloads.html)

The Katalon Team suggests using [homebrew](https://brew.sh/) to install these dependencies. 

Setting Up Your Devices
-----------------------

### Android

*   Turn on the phone's developer mode (go to **Settings **> **Developer options**).
*   Connect your Android Phone to your computer via a USB cable. Just confirm if prompted to accept/trust the device.
*   Install Android SDK: Katalon Studio will detect and ask you to install Android SDK automatically if your current machine doesn't have it. Please allow Katalon Studio to install it in this case.

### iOS 

*   Connect your iOS Devices to your computer via a USB cable. Just confirm if prompted to accept/trust the phone.
*   If you want to execute your tests using Safari on iOS (mobile browser), make sure Web Inspector is turned on for Safari (Settings → Safari → Advanced → Web Inspector)
*   Enable the service UI automation on the device.
*   Connect the iOS device to Xcode.
*   **Settings** on the iOS device > **Developer** \> turn ON **UIAutomation**
*   To test an iOS native application file (**.ipa** file), follow these steps to check if an application file is already built and signed correctly:
    1.  1.  Open **Xcode** and navigate to **Window/Devices**
        2.  Choose your device from the Devices list
        3.  Press the "+" button and choose you application file  
            ![](../../images/katalon-studio/docs/mobile-on-macos/image2016-8-8-143A313A5.png)
        4.  If installed successfully, the application will appear in the Installed Apps section as shown below.  
            **![](../../images/katalon-studio/docs/mobile-on-macos/image2016-8-8-143A313A14.png)**

Verifiying the Setups
---------------------

### Android

After completing setting your environment, open a Mobile Testing Sample Project (which is packaged in your Katalon Studio installation) and execute a test suite using an Android device: 

![](../../images/katalon-studio/docs/mobile-on-macos/image2017-6-29-143A483A34.png)  
Select your device from the **Android Devices** list. Click **OK**. 

![](../../images/katalon-studio/docs/mobile-on-macos/image2018-1-26-183A393A1.png)

If your test suite runs successfully, you will see the results in the test reports as follow:

![](../../images/katalon-studio/docs/mobile-on-macos/image2018-6-15-173A473A28.png)

For more information on how to run a test suite, check out the documentation [here](/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=786668).

Finishing Steps
---------------

Once setting up successfully, follow the following guides to perform mobile testing in Katalon Studio

*   [Record Mobile Utility](/display/KD/Record+Mobile+Utility)
*   [Spy Mobile Utility](/display/KD/Spy+Mobile+Utility)
*   [Execute a Test Case or a Test Suite](/display/KD/Execute+a+Test+Case+or+a+Test+Suite)

Troubleshooting Common Issues
-----------------------------

_**Please refer to [this](/display/KD/Troubleshooting+automated+mobile+testing) troubleshooting tutorial**_

Commit message:

Add reference to Xcode 10, iOS 12 &  Appium 1.8.2
We can now test with Xcode 10 and iOS 12, but it requires Appium 1.8.2-beta

pages/katalon-studio/docs/mobile-on-macos.md, after:

---
title: "Mobile on macOS" 
sidebar: katalon_studio_docs_sidebar
permalink: katalon-studio/docs/mobile-on-macos.html 
redirect_from:
    - "/display/KD/Mobile+on+macOS/"
    - "/display/KD/Mobile%20on%20macOS/"
    - "/x/9AXR/"
    - "/katalon-studio/docs/mobile-on-macos/"
description: 
---
Katalon Studio Supported Environment on macOS
---------------------------------------------

|   | Version |
| --- | --- |
| Appium | 1.8.1, 1.8.2-beta |
| Android | 6.x, 7.x |
| iOS | 9, 10, 11, 12 (with Appium 1.8.2-beta) |

Installing Dependencies
-----------------------

Due to the differences in computer environments, the Katalon download package does not include some dependencies needed to test on mobile devices/emulators. 

> Attention
> 
> Some emulators have already supported Appium through their installations. Thus, if you want to run an application on an emulator, check you emulator's settings before proceeding with Appium installation.
> 
> Appium 1.9 is **not** supported, so please kindly install Appium 1.8.1. The installation command is:
> 
> npm install -g appium@1.8.1
>
> If you are testing with Xcode 10 and iOS 12, you will need to install Appium 1.8.2-beta. The installation command is:
>
> npm install -g appium@1.8.2-beta
>

### Android

If you want to test an Android application on your local device. You will need to install [Appium](http://appium.io/docs/en/about-appium/getting-started/#installing-appium). 

### iOS

Additionally, if you want to test iOS applications, you will need to download the packages below (which have been linked to their respective setting up instructions):

1.  [Xcode](https://itunes.apple.com/vn/app/xcode/id497799835?mt=12)
2.  [Command-line tool for Xcode](http://osxdaily.com/2014/02/12/install-command-line-tools-mac-os-x/)
3.  [WebDriverAgent](/display/KD/Installing+WebDriverAgent+for+iOS+devices)[](/x/TwbR)[](/x/9AXR#MobileonmacOS-InstallingWebDriverAgenttoiOSdevices)[ ](https://github.com/facebook/WebDriverAgent)
4.  [Appium](http://appium.io/downloads.html)

The Katalon Team suggests using [homebrew](https://brew.sh/) to install these dependencies. 

Setting Up Your Devices
-----------------------

### Android

*   Turn on the phone's developer mode (go to **Settings **> **Developer options**).
*   Connect your Android Phone to your computer via a USB cable. Just confirm if prompted to accept/trust the device.
*   Install Android SDK: Katalon Studio will detect and ask you to install Android SDK automatically if your current machine doesn't have it. Please allow Katalon Studio to install it in this case.

### iOS 

*   Connect your iOS Devices to your computer via a USB cable. Just confirm if prompted to accept/trust the phone.
*   If you want to execute your tests using Safari on iOS (mobile browser), make sure Web Inspector is turned on for Safari (Settings → Safari → Advanced → Web Inspector)
*   Enable the service UI automation on the device.
*   Connect the iOS device to Xcode.
*   **Settings** on the iOS device > **Developer** \> turn ON **UIAutomation**
*   To test an iOS native application file (**.ipa** file), follow these steps to check if an application file is already built and signed correctly:
    1.  1.  Open **Xcode** and navigate to **Window/Devices**
        2.  Choose your device from the Devices list
        3.  Press the "+" button and choose you application file  
            ![](../../images/katalon-studio/docs/mobile-on-macos/image2016-8-8-143A313A5.png)
        4.  If installed successfully, the application will appear in the Installed Apps section as shown below.  
            **![](../../images/katalon-studio/docs/mobile-on-macos/image2016-8-8-143A313A14.png)**

Verifiying the Setups
---------------------

### Android

After completing setting your environment, open a Mobile Testing Sample Project (which is packaged in your Katalon Studio installation) and execute a test suite using an Android device: 

![](../../images/katalon-studio/docs/mobile-on-macos/image2017-6-29-143A483A34.png)  
Select your device from the **Android Devices** list. Click **OK**. 

![](../../images/katalon-studio/docs/mobile-on-macos/image2018-1-26-183A393A1.png)

If your test suite runs successfully, you will see the results in the test reports as follow:

![](../../images/katalon-studio/docs/mobile-on-macos/image2018-6-15-173A473A28.png)

For more information on how to run a test suite, check out the documentation [here](/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=786668).

Finishing Steps
---------------

Once setting up successfully, follow the following guides to perform mobile testing in Katalon Studio

*   [Record Mobile Utility](/display/KD/Record+Mobile+Utility)
*   [Spy Mobile Utility](/display/KD/Spy+Mobile+Utility)
*   [Execute a Test Case or a Test Suite](/display/KD/Execute+a+Test+Case+or+a+Test+Suite)

Troubleshooting Common Issues
-----------------------------

_**Please refer to [this](/display/KD/Troubleshooting+automated+mobile+testing) troubleshooting tutorial**_
